Due Date: Thursday 29 Oct 2015
This assignment builds on Assignment 1. Its goal is to construct learning curves for the two classification algorithms that you used in Assignment 1, using the same dataset as before, and to show what you can discover from examining them. The learning curves must plot the classification accuracy on a held-out test set as a function of training dataset size. 

You are welcome to use the same ML software package that you used for Assignment 1. If you change to a different software package, it must support the same classification algorithms that you chose for Assignment 1 - you will not receive marks for analysing a different algorithm from one you used in Assignment 1.

Depending on what ML software package you use, you may be able to use its built-in functionality to construct the learning curves, or you may have to write some code, or do it semi-manually.

This assignment will be marked out of 10, with the breakdown of marks outlined below. You must submit a report of 2-3 pages in length, with:

A description of your methodology to construct learning curves, including any assumptions you made and procedures you followed. If using a package that does the work for you, explain what it does in sufficient detail to demonstrate your clear understanding of it [4 marks].
Graphs of the learning curves for each of the two algorithms [1.5 x2 = 3 marks].
A discussion of your observations from examining the two learning curves, individually and/or taken together. You must make 6 separate observations and will score up to 0.5 marks for each observation that is appropriately discussed and backed up by evidence [0.5 x6 = 3 marks].
You must submit your report in printed form and also as a single PDF file in Blackboard. Ensure your name, class and student ID are on it. The printed copy must be submitted on or before the due date: please put it in my mailbox.

This is an individual assignment. As you are all final year or postgraduate students, I will treat any plagiarism (from another student or other sources) very seriously. If any aspect of your work is plagiarised or is otherwise dishonest, you will receive 0 for the full assignment.